README.md, before:

# Audit Cleanse
---
This program is developed for technicians to have the ability to audit the devices in their IT Office, so long as their branch uses ServiceNow as their main asset host. Currenty, the program only works for Liberty University staff members with the subdomain of `liberty.service-now.com` or `libertydev.service-now.com`. The intention for this project is the ability for it to expand to any subdomain, but has only been tested and verified on Liberty's network.

The program has several main audit forms, which will be covered in the following sections.


### Package Requirements
---
This program requires the following libraries to be installed, and the comments following each are
the reasons for each. Use `$ <sudo> pip install [package]` to set up each package.
(If Python 2 is your system default, you may need to use 'pip3' instead.

* pyperclip - To copy the list of items in your clipboard. Specifically used to capture the list
  for the storage and loaner audits. This may not be needed in future commits.

* pysnow - The primary integration of ServiceNow into python, and functions/queries to pull
  and push information from and to ServiceNow.

* colorama - To color the output of certain parts of the program. Specifically during the
  scanning process, where the items are colored differently based on certain points.
  For example, 'Work In Progress' might be colored red, and 'Open' is blue.

* termcolor - Required by colorama, this colors entire terms.

* getch - To get characters in console without requiring the user to press 'Enter'. This is
  particularly useful in a Wait() command, which waits for the user to press any key, not
  specifically requiring 'Enter'.

Commit message:

Added audit section to the README

README.md, after:

# Audit Cleanse

This program is developed for technicians to have the ability to audit the devices in their IT Office, so long as their branch uses ServiceNow as their main asset host. Currenty, the program only works for Liberty University staff members with the subdomain of `liberty.service-now.com` or `libertydev.service-now.com`. The intention for this project is the ability for it to expand to any subdomain, but has been somewhat hardcoded only for Liberty technicians.

The program has several main audit forms - Repair, Assignment, Loaner, and Storage - which will be covered in the following section.


### Audit Types

* The repair audit is set to request what location the technician is located, then continue by gathering all tickets that would fit on the nightly repair audit for that location. This audit will resolve several issues that are somewhat prevalent: tickets that should be marked 'In Queue', tickets that should be marked 'Work In Progress' (as they are assigned to someone), and several others are being added as well. It then updates the passed audit ticket with the final outcome of the audit.

* The assignment audit follows similar structure as the repair audit, the only adjustment is the filter used to gather tickets from ServiceNow.

* The final two, Loaner and Storage, are set first by requesting the technician's location. Then it requests the entire list of items to start the audit process, which will look similar to the previous two, but the program does not update the assets. These final two are almost identical, aside from the word choice when it updates the audit ticket.


### Package Requirements

This program requires the following libraries to be installed, and the comments following each are
the reasons for each. Use `$ <sudo> pip install [package]` to set up each package.
(If Python 2 is your system default, you may need to use 'pip3' instead.

* pyperclip - To copy the list of items in your clipboard. Specifically used to capture the list
  for the storage and loaner audits. This may not be needed in future commits.

* pysnow - The primary integration of ServiceNow into python, and functions/queries to pull
  and push information from and to ServiceNow.

* colorama - To color the output of certain parts of the program. Specifically during the
  scanning process, where the items are colored differently based on certain points.
  For example, 'Work In Progress' might be colored red, and 'Open' is blue.

* termcolor - Required by colorama, this colors entire terms.

* getch - To get characters in console without requiring the user to press 'Enter'. This is
  particularly useful in a Wait() command, which waits for the user to press any key, not
  specifically requiring 'Enter'.
